storage: document root partition sizing considerations (#231)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/storage.adoc

NOTE: You don't need the `path` or `with_mount_unit` keys; FCOS knows that the root partition is special and will figure out how to find it and mount it.

== Sizing the root partition

> Currently, as soon as you reconfigure or move the root partition, it is no longer automatically grown on first boot (see related discussions in https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/570[this issue]). In the case of moving the root partition to a new disk (or multiple disks), you should be setting the desired partition size(s) as part of your config (via `size_mib`). If reconfiguring the root filesystem in place (e.g. as in the LUKS example above), you can tell Ignition to grow the existing partition to take up the whole disk like this:

Reviewer: Do we plan to change this behavior?  We could tighten up the wording:

```suggestion
If you use Ignition to reconfigure or move the root partition, that partition is not automatically grown on first boot (see related discussions in https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/570[this issue]). In the case of moving the root partition to a new disk (or multiple disks), you should set the desired partition size using the `size_mib` field. If reconfiguring the root filesystem in place, as in the LUKS example above, you can resize the existing partition using the `resize` field:
```

.Resizing the root partition to its maximum size
[source.yaml]
----
variant: fcos
version: 1.2.0
storage:
  disks:
    - device: /dev/vda
      partitions:
        - label: root

>           number: 4

Reviewer: Should be redundant.

Author: Without it, Ignition creates another partition with label `root`. (Technically, `label: root` is not necessary, but I chose to include it for clarity.)

Reviewer: Whoops, you are correct.  I misread the spec.

>           size_mib: 0

Reviewer: Add comment: `# Use all available space`
